More Homebrew/linuxbrew-core maintainer guide sections (#6459)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Homebrew-linuxbrew-core-Maintainer-Guide.md

at the specified remote (default: `origin`), and opens a pull request using `hub
pull-request`.

## Pulling bottles

Pull requests are either raised by maintainers or users. In both
cases, how to merge them depends on whether or not a Linux bottle has
been built for the formula.

We very rarely use the GitHub UI buttons. Instead, we "pull the
bottle". This means that the PR shows up as "closed" to the user, but
they still get authorship credit. This is done with the following
command:

```bash
HOMEBREW_BOTTLE_DOMAIN=https://linuxbrew.bintray.com brew pull --bottle --bintray-org=linuxbrew --test-bot-user=LinuxbrewTestBot <PR-NUMBER>
```

It saves a lot of time to alias this in your shell config. One

> possible alias is `lbrew-pull-bottle`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
possible alias is `brew-pull-bottle`.
```

For PRs with the title "Build a bottle for Linuxbrew" and that have
only one commit with contents "# Build a bottle for Linuxbrew", these
have been created with `brew build-bottle-pr` and the commit from the
PR doesn't need preserving. We don't want to litter the codebase with
comments. In these cases, you can combine `brew pull --bottle` with
`brew squash-bottle-pr` (in the Linuxbrew/developer tap). This will
squash the first commit message, leaving just the commit with the
bottle SHA authored by `LinuxbrewTestBot`. It will still close the PR,
as `brew pull --bottle` adds `Closes` and `Signed-off-by` to the
commit message body.

```bash
lbrew-pull-bottle <PR-NUMBER> && brew squash-bottle-pr
```

For PRs where there have been force pushes or extra commits to fix the
build or fix bottling syntax, we can't `brew squash-bottle-pr` as we

> must keep the fixes.

Author: ```suggestion
must keep the fixes. If the "# Build a bottle for Linuxbrew" comment is still in the formula, delete it.
```

The `brew pull` command *publishes* the bottle to BinTray and verifies
that the SHA in the formula and the SHA of the downloaded file match.
To verify a bottle, the script downloads the bottle from BinTray - if
you're on an unstable connection, this may take a while or even time
out. Publishing the bottle means that it's available as the latest

> version for users to download, so we have to be quick with pushing the

Author: ```suggestion
version for users to download, so remember to push your commits
```

> commits to `origin`.

Reviewer: > Publishing the bottle means that it's available as the latest
	version for users to download, so we have to be quick with pushing the
	commits to `origin`.

I didn't follow this sentence. I don't know of a time sensitive reason to need to quickly push to `origin` following a `brew pull --bottle`.

Author: Maybe I chose my words wrong. I was going for: it’s so we don’t forget and leave bottles published without users able to use them. I’ll drop this sentence entirely.
